The company's holiday year runs from 1 January to 31 December. If your employment starts or finishes part way through the holiday year, your holiday entitlement during that year shall be calculated on a pro-rata basis rounded up to the nearest half day. If you work part-time your holiday entitlement will be prorated inline with the number of days you work a week.

Holiday entitlement is accrued for your first year of employment, and will be calculated
at one-twelfth of your leave in each month. For example, someone works 5 days a week
and is entitled to 28 days’ annual leave a year. After their third month in the job, they’d
be entitled to 7 days leave (a quarter of their total leave, or 28 divided by 12 x 3).


Unless otherwise set out in your employment contract, you are entitled to 25 days' paid
holiday in each holiday year, plus bank holidays, rising to a maximum of 30 days within 7
years service based on the accrual of an additional day per year after 2 years service, or
the pro rata equivalent if you work part time. Additional days will accrue from the
following when the 2 calendar years service is completed.

It is assumed that a full time person works 260 days in the year and leave is accrued
based on working days
Where you work part time your leave is still accrued based on the number of working
days. For example, someone who works 4 days a week will have their allowance
calculated on 208 days eg (260/5*4=208)

Regardless of how many contracted hours are worked per day leave is still accrued
based on contracted working day. For example/ Someone works 4 days a week and 6
hour days leave is still calculated on 208 days eg (260/5*4=208) In this example a
working day is 6 hours and you will be accruing 6 hour days.


We ask that you aim to use your holiday entitlement within the appropriate holiday
year, however we understand that this is not always possible due to a number of
factors. Unused holidays will be carried over to the following year, up to a maximum of
5 days. This doesn’t form part of your contract and can be refused.
2.7 The company operates a holiday buy back scheme which entitles you to purchase
additional holiday entitlement up to a maximum of five additional days per holiday year,
the cost of which shall be deducted over the remainder of the holiday year in which the
additional days were bought. The cost of these holidays, for full and part time contracts,
is calculated on the same basis as holiday allowance, eg; working days. This can be
requested through either a member of HR or the Finance Team. If you work part-time
your buy holiday entitlement will be prorated inline with the number of days you work a
week.
2.8 If you intend to participate in the holiday buy back scheme, be aware that you cannot
transfer any unused purchased holiday into the upcoming year.
2.9 Unpaid holiday may be granted by agreement up to a maximum of 5 unpaid days per
holiday year.


3.2 A minimum of one week’s notice should be given for holiday requests of up to 5
consecutive working days. A minimum of two week’s notice should be given for holiday
requests that exceed 5 consecutive working days.

We may require you to take (or not to take) holiday on particular dates, including when
the business is closed, particularly busy, or during your notice period.


Arrangements on termination
8.1 On termination of employment you will be required to use any remaining holiday
entitlement during your notice period. You will be paid in lieu of any accrued but
untaken holiday entitlement for the current holiday year to date, plus any holiday
permitted to be carried over from previous years under this policy or as required by law.
You are entitled to be paid at a rate of 1/260th of your full-time equivalent basic salary
for each day of untaken entitlement.


Equipment while on holiday
7.1 Annual leave is a time for you to take a break and step away from work. If you are going
away for your holiday, please do not take your equipment with you. This includes but is
not limited to, work laptops  and work phones.
7.2 This is especially important if you are having a holiday outside of the UK. Due to the
work we do and the clients we work with, there are additional checks, safety measures
and sign os that are required when working outside the UK. If you are found to have

taken your laptop with you outside the UK without the correct sign o

, we may need to

take further action.
7.3 There shouldn't be an instance where you need to take your laptop with you on holiday,
as this should be your time away from work, however if you would like further
information on this, please speak with HR.
