Expenses will only be reimbursed if they are:
2.3.1. submitted within 28 days of being incurred;
2.3.2. supported by relevant documents (for example, VAT receipts, tickets, and
credit or debit card slips); and
2.3.3. authorised in advance by the relevant cost centre owner via one of the
finance forms.
2.3.4. Any questions about the reimbursement of expenses should be put to your  Ops lead before you incur the relevant costs.
2.3.5. Once approved you should submit your receipts/evidence for reimbursement
via the expensy Expenses App
2.3.6. Expenses submitted in accordance with the above are reimbursed on the last
working day of the month. The cut off for them to be included in the pay run is
3 working days before this.
2.3.7. If your expenses have accumulated and you require reimbursement sooner
than the usual schedule, please contact Finance at and we will aim to process your claim more promptly

3.1. We will reimburse the reasonable cost of necessary travel in connection with our
business. The method of travel chosen should minimise both the economic and
environmental cost of the journey. You should use existing travelcards or season
tickets wherever possible. Please refer to further guidance in section 8 below on
modes of transport. The following are not treated as travel in connection with our
business:
3.1.1. travel between your home and usual place of work;
3.1.2. travel which is mainly for your own purposes.
3.2. Trains - we will reimburse the cost of standard travel on submission of a VAT receipt.
We will reimburse the cost of first class travel for any employees travelling with a
physical disability.
3.3. Taxis - We do not expect you to take a taxi when there is public transport available,
unless it is cost effective due to a significant saving of journey time or the number of
staff travelling together or you have a physical disability. A VAT receipt should be
obtained for your expenses claim submission.
3.4. Car -We will reimburse you per mile for pre approved mileage. If you are travelling
with colleagues, please consider sharing your car to reduce your carbon emissions
for the journey. Please use Form 7 Here to make a claim. The rate per mile will be
the current mileage and fuel rate allowed by HMRC.ir
3.5. Air travel. We will reimburse pre approved air travel costs. We will always consider
the ecological impact of the journey before approving the travel and we will refer to
the carbon calculator below always keeping in mind our carbon reduction
commitment to achieve net zero by 2030.
3.6. Car parking. We will reimburse pre approved parking costs when you use your car
to travel for business purposes. This includes parking at a train station;.We will not
reimburse penalty fares or fines for parking or driving offences, other than at our
discretion in exceptional circumstances.
3.7. We will reimburse interoffice travel costs only where you are visiting a company
office that is not your contracted office. The exception to this would be your first day
where we will reimburse your travel costs where you have to travel over 100 miles
from your home address.


Accommodation and subsistence
To make an overnight accommodation request please use Form 1 Here Your request will be
sent to the cost centre owner for approval.
You will be given the option for us to make the booking for you or you can book the
travel yourself and reclaim via Dext.
There are typically four reasons to request / claim a travel expense.
1.To attend a promotional event. You must get approval from the Marketing lead before
incurring the expense.
2.To entertain existing / potential clients /suppliers/staff. You must get approval from the
Commercials lead before incurring the expense.
3.To visit another of our office / attend an  event. You must get approval form
the HR lead before incurring the expense.
4. To attend an event where travel & accommodation will be recharged to the customer. You
must get approval from the Client and or Commercials lead in writing before incurring the
expense.
4.1. If you are required to stay away overnight in the course of your duties we will
reimburse accommodation subject to an upper limit per night of £180 (London) or
£150 (outside London), inclusive of breakfast. There may be special circumstances
where you are unable to find accommodation within budget, In this case please detail
the reasons on the travel request form and your request will be reviewed by the cost
centre owner.
4.2. We will reimburse your reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for overnight stays
provided they are supported by receipts as follows:
4.2.1. up to a maximum of £15 a day for breakfast;
4.2.2. up to £20 a day for lunch, up to £30 a day for an evening.
4.2.3. We will not reimburse any costs for alcohol unless consumed with a meal and
in that case we would only reimburse one alcoholic beverage.
4.2.4. If you are travelling after 6pm then we will reimburse the cost of an evening
meal up to £30

4.3. If you are attending a company social event that finishes after 9pm in the evening and
the event is held over 100 miles from your home address, we may look to expense
accommodation for you. This is usually subject to an upper limit of £150 outside of
London or £180 for inside of London. If you require accommodation for a social event,
please contact HR in advance.
The exception to this is where the staff event is being held in the city of an alternative
company office to your contracted office.
For example accommodation for a Christmas party in Leeds will be refunded for
people whose contracted office is Manchester in line with the above limits.
You must not incur the expense or book any travel or accommodation until you have received



confirmation from the cost centre lead that you are authorised to do so.This is obtained by completing
the necessary form and receiving written confirmation via email that you can proceed.

5. Travel Distance and Overnight Stay
To ensure fair and consistent treatment of travel-related expenses, the following guidelines apply for
business travel and overnight stays:
5.1. Travel Distance
● 100–200 miles we will cover travel plus one (1) night stay
● Over 200 miles we will cover travel plus up to two (2) nights’ stay permitted
5.2. Frequency Limits
● Travel over 100 miles is limited to six (6) occasions per year.
● Travel over 200 miles is limited to four (4) occasions per year.
Existing staff who currently exceed these limits may retain their current arrangements at the discretion
of HR.
5.3. Discretion and Exceptions
This policy serves as a guideline and is not intended to restrict legitimate business needs. HR and
team leads may exercise discretion to approve additional travel or overnight stays where business
requirements justify exceptions.