Expected level of attendance to the office


4.1 Although we want to encourage hybrid working as much as possible, we would expect
you to come into the once as and when required.

4.2 The expected number of days per week for anyone will vary depending on the nature of
the role, project and individual circumstances.
4.3 We’d expect you to attend the once as and when; there are team meetings, your
principal consultant or team representative has asked you to attend and on any other
ad-hoc days that are important to attend in person.
4.4 You may be asked to attend a client’s premises, which we ask you to do as and when
requested.
4.5 We believe that regularly attending the office is good for building relationships with
your peers and colleagues, which are key for improved morale and motivation. We
understand that you may not be as ‘productive’ on the days you’re in the office, but we

want to encourage you to enjoy the social time with your colleagues.
4.6 We would like to encourage you to meet with your team, or other individuals, in the
office to share knowledge and ideas.

5. Arrangements
5.1 Whilst working from home or the office, your normal hours of work apply as set out in

your contract of employment
5.2 If working from the office, please ensure that you have booked a desk space via the

intranet to guarantee a desk and also for health and safety reasons.
5.3 Please make sure when working in the office, you leave the desk space clean when

leaving for the day.
6. Working from Home
6.1 Whilst working from home, please be mindful that you’re not overworking and ensure
that you take adequate rest breaks.


6.2 If you’re working from home and attending meetings online, we ask that you have your
cameras on for internal and external meetings. We understand that there may be days
when you feel you don’t want to switch your camera on, however we believe it’s
important to be present and engaged with the people you’ll be speaking with.
7. Sickness
7.1 When working remotely, please don’t work if you're unwell. If you are sick, please follow
the regular sickness reporting process outlined in the sickness policy
8. Health and Safety
8.1 Please liaise with HR if you’re unsure if your remote working setup is appropriate and
you’re working in a safe manner
8.2 You’ll need to take responsibility for your own health and safety at home, for example,
making sure that the remote work area is clean and tidy and that you are avoiding trip
hazards.
8.3 You’ll be asked to complete a DSE (display screen equipment) assessment for your work
setup at home, with guidance provided if improvements could be made.
8.4 Please notify HR if you’re feeling any discomfort due to working remotely, you believe
there are any health and safety hazards and/or if any work related incidents happen at
home
8.5 If you have any special requirements for your work setup at home or in the office, please

speak with HR who’ll be able to make the necessary arrangements
9. Data Protection and Confidentiality
You must continue to follow all company data protection and confidentiality policies
when working remotely. This includes ensuring that all work-related information is kept
secure and confidential, particularly if working in shared or public spaces. If you need
guidance on securing data while working from home, please speak with the Compliance
or HR team.