1.1 This policy outlines when an employee may be entitled to paternity leave and paternity pay, and sets
out the arrangements for taking it.
1.2 This policy does not form part of any employee's contract of employment and we may amend it at any
time.
1.3 You may be entitled to time o

to accompany your partner to antenatal appointments or to attend

adoption appointments. For more information see the Time O

For Antenatal Appointments

Policy or the Time O

For Adoption Appointments Policy.

1.4 In some cases you and your partner may be eligible to opt into the shared parental leave (SPL) scheme
which gives you more flexibility to share the leave and pay available in the first year. This applies
where the Expected Week of Childbirth (EWC) starts on or after 5 April 2015, or if a child is placed
with you for adoption on or after that date. This does not a

ect your right to take two weeks'
paternity leave around the time of birth or placement. For information about SPL, see our Shared
Parental Leave (Birth) and Shared Parental Leave (Adoption) Policies.
2. Entitlement to paternity leave
2.1 Paternity leave is available on the birth of a child if you have been continuously employed by us for at
least 26 weeks ending with the 15th week before the Expected Week of Childbirth and either:
(a) you are the biological father and will have some responsibility for the child's upbringing; or
(b) you are the spouse, civil partner or cohabiting partner of the biological mother and will have

the main responsibility (with the mother) for the child's upbringing.

2.2 Paternity leave is available where a child is placed with you for adoption by an adoption agency, if you
have been continuously employed by us for at least 26 weeks ending with the week in which the
agency notifies you that you have been matched with a child. In such cases you may be entitled
to take adoption leave instead (see our Adoption Policy). However, adoption leave may only be
taken by one adoptive parent. Paternity leave is available to the other adoptive parent (of either
sex).
3. Taking paternity leave
3.1 Paternity leave is a period of one or two weeks' leave taken when a child is born or placed with you for
adoption. It can be taken as either 2 weeks together or 2 separate blocks of 1 week. You can start
your leave on the date of birth or placement, or later, provided it is taken within 52 weeks of the
birth or placement.
3.2 To take paternity leave you must give us written notice with 28 days before the Expected Week of
Childbirth (or no more than seven days after the adoption agency notified you of being matched
with a child), or as soon as you reasonably can, stating:

(a) the Expected Week of Childbirth;

(b) whether you intend to take one week or two weeks' leave; and
(c) when you would like your leave to start.
3.3 You can change the intended start date by giving us 28 days' notice or, if this is not possible, as much
notice as you can.
4. Paternity pay
4.1 We will provide full pay during paternity leave. This amount is inclusive of any statutory paternity pay
to which you may be entitled.
5. During paternity leave
5.1 All the usual terms and conditions of your employment remain in force during paternity leave, except
for the terms relating to pay.
5.2 Holiday entitlement will continue to accrue during paternity leave. If your paternity leave continues
into the next holiday year, any remaining holiday that cannot reasonably be taken before your
paternity leave can be carried over to the next holiday year and must be taken immediately
before returning to work unless you agreed otherwise. You should try to limit carry over to one
week's holiday or less. Carryover of more than one week is at the company’s discretion.
5.3 If you are a member of our pension scheme, we will make employer pension contributions during
paternity leave, based on your normal salary, in accordance with the scheme rules. Any employee
contributions you make will be based on the amount of any paternity pay you are receiving,
unless you inform the Company Secretary that you wish to make up any shortfall.