If you cannot attend work because you are sick or injured you should email
illness@ill.com early as possible and no later than 30 minutes after the time
when you are normally expected to start work. If you are working on a project you
should also let your project lead know you will not be at work.
3. Evidence of incapacity
3.1 You must complete a self-certification form for sickness absence of up to seven
calendar days. This form will be sent to you from HR after your day of sickness.
3.2 For absence of more than a week you must obtain a certificate from your doctor stating
that you are not fit for work, giving the reason. You must also complete a
self-certification form to cover the first seven days. If absence continues beyond the
expiry of a certificate, a further certificate must be provided.
3.3 If your doctor provides a certificate stating that you "may be fit for work" you must
inform HR immediately. We will hold a discussion with you about how to facilitate your
return to work, taking account of your doctor's advice. If appropriate measures cannot
be taken, you will remain on sick leave and we will set a date for review.
Statutory sick pay
You may be entitled to Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) if you satisfy the relevant statutory
requirements. Qualifying days for SSP are Monday to Friday, or as set out in your
employment contract. The rate of SSP is set by the government in April each year. No
SSP is payable for the first three consecutive days of absence. It starts on the fourth day
of absence and may be payable for up to 28 weeks.
5. Company sick pay
5.1 You will qualify for Company sick pay from your first day of employment provided you
comply with this policy and any further requirements set out in your contract. Company
sick pay is inclusive of any SSP.
5.2 Company sick pay is as follows:

Less than two years’ service: 5 days’ full pay in any 12-month period.
Two to four years' service: 10 days’ full pay in any 12-month period.
Four years' service or more: 20 days’ full pay in any 12-month period.



Company sick pay is paid at our discretion and we may amend or withdraw the scheme
at any time.
5.4 The company's sick leave policy serves as a reference, and we will assess each sick leave
request individually. If deemed appropriate, we may provide additional paid time o
at

our discretion.
5.5 Our sickness Fit for Work service (FFW)
5.6 FFW is a government-funded occupational health assessment service. The service is
intended to assist employees return to work, using a return-to-work plan where
appropriate. If you want to know more about FFW please speak to HR.
5.7 Once you have been absent for four weeks, either we or your doctor may suggest
referring you to FFW. Your doctor may do this before you have been absent for four
weeks if they think it would be beneficial for you.
5.8 If your doctor refers you to FFW please let HR know, unless you would prefer not to tell
us. If your case manager at FFW wishes to speak to us, please ask them to contact HR.
6. Welfare Conversation
After a period of sick leave HR may call you or meet with you to make sure you are supported
as much as possible on your return. The purposes may include:
(a) ensuring you are fit for work and agreeing any actions necessary to facilitate
your return;
(b) confirming you have submitted the necessary certificates;
(c) updating you on anything that may have happened during your absence;
(d) raising any other concerns regarding your absence record or your return to work.